[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-4 (#114267)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-hardening-what.adoc

[id="security-hardening-what_{context}"]
= Choosing what to harden in {op-system}

[role="_abstract"]
ifdef::openshift-origin[]

> For information on how to approach security for any {op-system-base} system, see the Security category in the Red{nbsp}Hat Enterprise Linux 9 documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the information on how to approach security for any {op-system-base} system, in the "Security" category of the Red{nbsp}Hat Enterprise Linux 9 documentation to determine how to harden systems in  {op-system}.
```

Use these documents to learn about managing security updates, security hardening, securing networks, and other security measures.
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-enterprise,openshift-webscale,openshift-aro[]

> For information on how to approach security for any {op-system-base} system, see the {op-system-base} 9 Security Hardening guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the information on how to approach security for any {op-system-base} system in the Red{nbsp}Hat Enterprise Linux 9 Security Hardening guide.
```
